Update README.md (#91)
microsoft/markitdown: README.md

docker build -t markitdown:latest .
docker run --rm -i markitdown:latest < ~/your-file.pdf > output.md
```
<details>
    
<summary>Batch Processing Multiple Files</summary>

> This extension allows you to convert multiple files to markdown format in a single run. The script processes all supported files in a directory and creates corresponding markdown files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to convert multiple files to markdown format in a single run. The script processes all supported files in a directory and creates corresponding markdown files.
```

> ### Features
> 
> - Converts multiple files in one operation
> - Supports various file formats (.pptx, .docx, .pdf, .jpg, .jpeg, .png etc. you can change it)
> - Maintains original filenames (changes extension to .md)
> - Includes GPT-4o-latest image descriptions when available
> - Continues processing if individual files fail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Usage
> 1. Create a Python script (e.g., convert.py):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ```python
> from markitdown import MarkItDown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python convert.py
from markitdown import MarkItDown
```

from openai import OpenAI
import os
client = OpenAI(api_key="your-api-key-here")
md = MarkItDown(mlm_client=client, mlm_model="gpt-4o-2024-11-20")
supported_extensions = ('.pptx', '.docx', '.pdf', '.jpg', '.jpeg', '.png')
files_to_convert = [f for f in os.listdir('.') if f.lower().endswith(supported_extensions)]
for file in files_to_convert:
    print(f"\nConverting {file}...")
    try:
        md_file = os.path.splitext(file)[0] + '.md'
        result = md.convert(file)
        with open(md_file, 'w') as f:
            f.write(result.text_content)
        
        print(f"Successfully converted {file} to {md_file}")
    except Exception as e:
        print(f"Error converting {file}: {str(e)}")

print("\nAll conversions completed!")
```
2. Place the script in the same directory as your files
3. Install required packages: like openai

> 4. Run script ```bash python3 convert.py ```

Reviewer: `python convert.py`?

Author: sorry, I run it on Mac therefore python3 but of course on Windows it's different

> - The script processes all supported files in the current directory
> - Original files remain unchanged
> - New markdown files are created with the same base name
> - Progress and any errors are displayed during conversion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that original files will remain unchanged and new markdown files are created with the same base name.
```

docker build -t markitdown:latest .
docker run --rm -i markitdown:latest < ~/your-file.pdf > output.md
```
<details>
    
<summary>Batch Processing Multiple Files</summary>

This example shows how to convert multiple files to markdown format in a single run. The script processes all supported files in a directory and creates corresponding markdown files.

```python convert.py
from markitdown import MarkItDown
from openai import OpenAI
import os
client = OpenAI(api_key="your-api-key-here")

> md = MarkItDown(mlm_client=client, mlm_model="gpt-4o-2024-11-20")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
md = MarkItDown(llm_client=client, llm_model="gpt-4o-2024-11-20")
```

Author: Hello @gagb, this will not work. mlm parametr is define directly in the library's code. It can't be changed.

Reviewer: It will also make your example consistent with the Python API above in the readme

Author: sorry, I was not aware you are going to change this parameters' terminology in the code
